Lan Lan
Wake up
You say
I have been delicious and delicious for you for so many years
Why do you faint at every turn?
This body is so precious
What should I do if I get divorced?
Mr. Du, you are rich
Honey grapefruit frozen blood for wife
It's ready.
Take it down
Just such a small bird's nest costs tens of thousands
And one kind sooner or later
Not to mention other meals
Four more foundations
I can stand you eating like this for a few days
My four siblings and I are just ordinary friends
Just friends.
But ordinary friends
How can I raise you like this for a lifetime?
I can not eat bird's nest
No designer clothes.
Don't live in big houses
I can do anything
What do you want?
All I ever wanted was a lifetime
said
I don't want anything.